Sentry Ruby 4.0 (#2725)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-config/ruby.rack.mdx

Add `use Sentry::Rack::CaptureException` to your `config.ru` or other rackup file:

```ruby {filename:config.ru}
require 'sentry-ruby'

Sentry.init do |config|
  config.dsn = '___PUBLIC_DSN___'

>   # if you want to activate performance monitoring, you also need to set one of these options:

Reviewer: I suggest we expand the comments here to include the suggestion to modify the rate in production:
```suggestion
  # To activate performance monitoring, set one of these options. 
  # We recommend adjusting the value in production:
```

Author: @PeloWriter I'm not sure what `adjusting the value in production` means here. users (including my own company) generally have the same set of config options in all environments and use the `enabled_environments` option to control when should the SDK be activated. so if it means "set this value in the production environment", it's not necessary.

Author: @HazAT just explained it to me, will update soon 👍

  config.traces_sample_rate = 0.5
  # or
  config.traces_sampler = lambda do |context|
    true
  end
end

> use Sentry::Rack::Tracing # if you want to have performance monitoring

Reviewer: add comment here to modify the value in production:
```suggestion
use Sentry::Rack::Tracing # if you want to have performance monitoring. We recommend adjusting this value in production.
```
